you're going to freak out I'm totally
serious you're going to freak out you have no idea
what you're going to see in this video you can't
even imagine how far
people's illness can go I've been doing
this for over five years with
its good things and its bad things yes it
's true that as many of you know what you've
been following me from almost the
beginning I've come across many sick people
throughout my career it doesn't seem like
I have some kind of magnet but nothing
at the level of what I'm going to tell you today
when I'm saying this it could already be
an idea and you can start remembering
things that have happened to me well I'm
saying that what you're going to see in this
video far exceeds any thing
that's happened to me on the internet in these
five years on this occasion
the line has been crossed but to an
incredible level I've been suffering from this
privately with my family for many
months in fact I think it's been almost a
year now and I'm not exaggerating this video
is not to draw attention I'm not
exaggerating the intro so that it stays in
the video nor the title in click  you see everything you're
going to see in this video is one
hundred percent real, as surreal as it may
seem, all of this is totally real, the
state has
kept it private for all
these months because obviously there are
several complaints with this case ok idea
from what it seems,
the person has been identified, she has been located
and the trial is going to be sooner than such
but as I tell you sincerely,
many things have happened to me, surely more
than what could have happened to
many other youtubers, you know it, you know
that I'm lying to ourselves but what you
're going to see in this video is mind-blowing it's
going to make your head spin I've
decided now to tell you about it because I
really wanted to tell it from
the beginning that it was happening to me but
on the one hand I didn't want to say it in
public because it would be pouring gasoline on
this person because in the end I think
that a little bit of what he's looking for is also not to
feel part of something on the other hand
because the judicial issue was moving
and you have to stay quiet in the
meantime and I also make it public so you can
see the internet is actually
dangerous or so what we're dedicated to
doing if we have a lot of things  very
good I have said it on many
occasions that I would not change what
I do for anything in the world but that
everything is not a bed of roses and that there are
things that are tremendously horrible
because you never know who is on the other
side of the blanket you never know what person
in the world could be watching you in the
world there is everything of all kinds of people
good bad sick whatever with this I
also want to demonstrate a little and for
people to stop trivializing because there are
many people who start to victimize themselves
not that if the accord is that if the bus that if
at the slightest use those words a
little lightly and you are going to see in this
video what cyberbullying really is
when you see the video you are really going to
understand it seriously this presentation
as dramatic as it may seem is not
exaggerated in fact I think I'm
falling short sit down watch this video
calmly there are many people around me
who have been told so
surely many people are watching this
video well it will not catch them by surprise
and they know what I'm going to tell but of
course my followers do not know it or
imagine it surely in some
other live  you will have noticed something okay and
when he starts telling things then
the situation will make sense to you but
the level at which this has reached this is
really what we are living and I say
we are because it is not only
me who is living it but my
wife my children and my parents who are
anonymous people are living it my wife appears
with me in the videos but the children you already
know that we never include them and my
parents of course are people
totally outside the medium who have no
reason to swallow any of this because I
am public people you are going to be amazed
at what they are suffering and
honestly afip also a person who
has been leaving totally
identifiable traces who is a person who I
think is missing some tone it is
clear that something is missing not that it is clear
to do this what he has done is not
right but on top of that he has done it with
his phone number and leaving traces
everywhere because on the internet
everything is traceable also it is
good for me to make this video for another reason you
know that for many years the
message that I wanted to convey when I
have criticized youtubers who show their
family in their videos when I say that their
family I mean  to small children
okay when they take them to the media I have
criticized them there are many people who have
taken it as if I am a leading critic hater
lies and when I criticize
when I criticize that behavior because
I know that the parents and the youtubers who
do these things do not do it
with bad intentions but when I
criticized them I condemned it is so that
things like these that you are going to see in
the video do not happen to you and be careful because despite what
has happened to me it could have been
a lot but if I had exposed
many more things about my private life
attentive that I start if we go back more
or less to the year in the summer I think it was
more or less because I think that I filed the first
complaint around June you have
a video on my main channel where
I explain a crazy thing that started to happen to me
and that is that suddenly ads began to appear
on
ad pages that I myself did not know
existed, that is, hundreds of pages there are
hundreds of ads everywhere
okay ads in which they impersonated my
identity they pretended to be me
saying they were Javier Oliveira they are looking for
2000 to take pictures of him with knots now  they
were in fact ads trying to
make me straight also adding in those
ads well my home address my
phone number and in some
cases my parents' address no
matter how hard a friend and I have tried ok we have
been trying by all
means to eliminate these ads that
were everywhere I recommend
that you watch the video and you will see it more
carefully this is to put it
into context and every time we try to
eliminate ads maybe we spend an entire
afternoon eliminating reporting
calling the websites an entire [ __ ]
afternoon and I'm not busy anymore okay because
I get up and I start working
until the early hours of the morning okay I
'll take a little break but I
'm always very busy to get
ahead with what I dedicate
many hours plus I have a family I
have children and issues then dedicating
entire afternoons me and another guy to
reporting all these websites that
put my information my phone numbers
slandering me defaming me the
next day the triple jumper appeared like
these dragons from Hercules you cut off
one head and three come out or something like that
crazy and oliveira is looking for teenagers
had searched for decent pages that not even I
know pages from all over the world this
person who has dedicated himself to this
really dedicates a lot of time to
another because reporting them was already very
difficult imagine the next day
putting triple the ads to this
person was very insistent that the
internet was plagued with pages
that they would call me but before and that they
had my personal data out there
those of my house and my phone number
in fact led to registering
my house address fact mind-blowing the address
of my house and this I found out I realized
because I received the google pin in
google maps I register my
house address on google more as if it were
less flip out if someone on their phone
you know how android phones work
no if someone on their phone
dialed my number imagine
the doctor called me or the one who called me
left the car in the workshop and dialed my
phone number if he didn't have me in his
address book the
juvenile procedure of javi
oliveira automatically came up freaking out this has cost us our
lives to remove it from google it has cost us
many subscribers that we have
My colleague and I had to be fired from our jobs to
get
everything removed despite having
my address and phone number published on thousands of pages on the internet. You
can see the entire thing about the ads
in the video that I uploaded
at the time, but what you don't know is
that after that, when we were almost
able to remove everything,
three times as many ads appeared and he started going after
my parents too. Somehow, he
got
my parents' address, phone number, and photos, I have no [ __ ]
idea how, it's not said, he had me on his
social networks because they keep it private, I
have no idea, and he started bothering them
at all hours of the day, apart from putting up
ads and pages and a lot of crap,
it's the same as what they do to me, vouchers created
under a web, this is a web page
literally created that must have cost him money
and everything, I imagine, because he had to
buy a domain exclusively to
call me and publish my address and
phone number, but he started
doing it with my mother, with my mother and with
my father, they are two people who live on
the street, such and such, they have been reported for
abuse, I don't know what with my parents apart
from  the ads and the websites well
also dozens and dozens but dozens and
dozens a barrage of false headlines
as if they were media not
youtube in Spanish plane and measure
involved in detention the authorities
of Seville confirmed that in this well
here I am watching this with me and my
parents Balearic a news story that said that
my father had seen my son or
something like that crazy
a bid covers it all he crashed
movement of course it has been
reported that with each movement that has been well
I was seeing the
police and adding more things and so on no
and they have been calling me and
certifying everything what I understand is that
the intention that this person had
because there is a person who was without
sickness in the head and we have seen it
on many occasions is to draw
attention in a way so that I dedicate
a life to him so that I in a live broadcast say
look what is happening to me look what he
is doing to me so that I say it in
a video and he from his house well
feel important not feel part
of something a [ __ ] sick man what I have
done has been that video telling what had
happened to me through all the
ads  when I filed the complaint but he didn't
pay any attention to it every time I was
live I could barely use the phone
because he wouldn't stop
calling this person every time I
was live that's why he said that
you'll remember that you've seen this
person wouldn't stop calling my
phone during all the live shows
throughout the entire year it's been that I lived non-
stop I imagine that this
person's intention was for
these ads to explode not to
become very viral for everyone to
say the data of wise and medium and
suddenly they started writing to
my door to riddle me with the
phone number something else oil
what happens is that it was not the result those
ads barely had 23 visits and
surely those 23 visits were from the
same person or from
anyone who was browsing the
page but did not realize because they do not
know who Oliveira is or that
his father and did not give it the greatest
importance okay then what started
to do well there he started calling him
so that we would get scared by
those ads I do not know if I am
explaining myself  well this is my theory
of course okay the theory is that it was his
intention and his idea was that the ads would
go super viral that my data
would become super viral that everyone would
have my joke my phone number the
address where I live and my parents' address
and we would have to change numbers or
something like that because they wouldn't stop
calling all day as was not the
result obtained because nobody found
the ads okay they had 34 visits
or ads what he did was start
calling at first they called hidden
the hidden number but there were a couple of
times that his number slipped out I
imagine that the moment
his number slipped out it didn't hang up and he
continued doing it all day long
with his number when I say calling all day long
he could it's calling all [ __ ] day at
all hours the same at nine in the
morning the same at 11 in the morning
three in the afternoon at 611 one at twelve
any time these
tracking photos here is because they can't go
quietly in my car listening to music
this is the car play okay you already know
that the car play is the
iPhone screen not what you see there on the
car screen because I can't go with my hands
free
forum and with my phone music
playing in the car because it keeps
interrupting all the time I
'm traveling with my family and I
really like going to eat lunch and dinner in
Huelva or on the weekends when we
go to the mall or whatever
taking a walk Chandor Sunday and this
person is calling all the time I
imagine him at home all
day thinking about me and saying I have
n't called him in two hours I'm going to call him well the
same with my parents my father is
a person who suffers from heart disease and he
's at home and suddenly the
phone rings talking at three eight in
the morning and this Phillips is this piece
of Filippo that my parents have had to
disconnect the landline because of this
idiot public and do you think that maybe
something serious happens okay to someone in
your family and more like how we are now with
the cob thing and everything and I
can't have the phone point active nor can
my father because of this Filippo ship that
houses the  lame what you're
seeing here are some of his
text messages suddenly maybe at noon I
would send you a picture of the door of my
house okay I imagine I would look it up
on google maps and send you a picture
saying I'm down here waiting for you the next
day those glasses don't look good on you
Francisco the next day you've really screwed up
another day maybe he would send me an
audio telling me that he was down here
waiting for me in the car that that house already
the dog I'm talking to you about every
day absolutely every [ __ ] day
since August June since summer more
or less until today that I'm
making this video every day at any time guys this is already recorded I'm not making this up or exaggerating at three in the morning I go to call him for almost two hours I call him don't look for it I understand it doesn't matter to me
but from his point number and he's
Spanish like that he still tells me a person
from Latin America that it's more complicated
that he reported her whatever it is no but from
his position number I think he was
calling him secretly and there were a couple of
times  that he forgot to put the hidden and
then because of his little shame I don't know if he
thought that there weren't going to be
consequences that he wasn't going to be
reported I have no [ __ ] idea I don't
understand but to do what he's
doing he doesn't have to be right
absolutely not
these are video calls all the time there were
also times when they were calls
video calls text messages whatsapp
that you're going to see now and that's going to be
the icing on the cake of the video when I dance
whatsapp I always do everything
putting the phone on the video call and
such to record them for the police and
for the courts show us a little bit
of whatsapp I want that at the same time that
what I'm showing you also take a
look at the hours okay so you can see
that it's at different times it could
be at 9 in the morning 11 like at
3 in the afternoon like at 6 like at
3 in the morning Monday Tuesday
Wednesday okay or maybe a little okay
just so you have an idea
this would be a photo of his member
while he puts his member on a
tablet okay he's with a tablet and
put member  on top of the tablet
with the photo of Lorena, you
obviously won't be able to see this photo
because YouTube doesn't allow it otherwise it would be
shown so why freak out and okay, they are
very, very, very strong images ok this
would be a montage in which I am
crying and Lorena appears pregnant with her
belly destroyed and the baby's baby
is bloody
again his members and I know his
members because he always puts the same
tablet he takes a tablet puts a photo
of a relative of
mine and puts the little one on top this time it was the day almost 6 years after my grandmother died that I uploaded a photo to Instagram of me with my grandmother well he took the photo put it on his tablet and took a photo with his member on top of the tablet with
my grandmother's face this other thing that you are
seeing well what are you seeing what you
are seeing censored is the only photo there is
of my baby the photo of my baby
eating his members okay he made a
montage with his member and my baby
has it in his hands and is putting it
in his mouth because of the weak attitude no  I'm
thinking of paying you 4.99 euros so that you can
give me monts in your chat because paying you to
do this work on top of the volume
of the shell and position without comments on the
fact that you are so smart and pathetic that you
put the pack at more than 20 euros
so that I can tell you this I don't
really understand the light
Lorena I want to touch them
Moria
her insides the sound of loves
and ordered that bass now more decent they
use and senile with pretensions of Rafa
Mora and accent of Alvaro age
[Music]
d
with a photo of him putting a
knife in his member I don't know why what
is the lollipop the burning viscous
tasty and dripping of Lorena does
not go with your girlfriend clouds of sand
or I do
n't even know how my editor is going to censor
these things really to surely I
am listening to it very censored so
that YouTube allows me to upload it
suddenly began to upload to web pages
these photomontages of Lorena of my
children of my mother is mine are worth and those
same photomontages were sent to me by
josa I don't understand the intention of this
take my milk take it he sent me a photo
of his member they don't call you for the
debate because they consider you
intellectually inferior and all you're
left with is masturbating tweeting the
little crumbs that Daniel Thomas throws you
kid tula dita okay also a
montage of the winged one she was also
sending him emails okay with these montages
and telling him things I imagine that the
da will also make a video on this subject
because she is also going to report a
photo of answering the phone okay then
here a photo of many kids and
exhausted that you are surely not
seeing it is that I think that with what you
have seen
the
arrival of
I
touch
kill
let's see according to what my water tells me, well there
are several crimes not only am I
liberal
publication of my personal data on
the coast my parents threats
death threats sight threats to my wife
threats to the life of my children because it is
useful also a lot of insistence a lot of
recidivism over time okay why are
we talking about this all the
ads started in one summer and the
calls I don't know if it would start in
September or October or things like that okay
but I'm telling you it's crazy without stopping
this every few days I haven't
taught everything in percentages because
if not here we can't get a tooth and
according to what my lawyer has told me and according to what
the police have told me, well, it looks like
jail time I honestly don't understand
how a person can
go to these extremes because they become
obsessed with a YouTube now is when
I tell you this, let's eat it, this
cyberbullying which of course I don't support or
the gene and insults to anyone and it's like that, the
effect that we often have
but this is crossing the line and
I think that we shouldn't analyze
many times with certain words that there are
people who use them very
lightly, okay to victimize themselves and nothing. I
think that what I have taught you also
speaks a little for itself, as I said at the
beginning of the video, on the one hand, this
is the bad side of being willing to
make a public figure, although I
understand that there is no
right for you to be
public figures or to be whatever you want, okay
on the Internet, on TV or wherever, it doesn't
give anyone the right to these things, okay,
these things are  very very very criminal
okay here we will be talking about
many crimes let's say many but
many crimes this person has
totally ruined his life okay because it's that in
addition there is no longer any
conciliation, not even worth offering an
agreement no nothing because this is
publicly pursued it is pursued ex officio okay
and the prosecutor's office will surely also
pursue him at least because I support photos
of my children and he has made montages with his
post directly not to threaten me
even though they are very hard images and very
hard what I have told you and so on I want
what I have done to be useful and I don't want anyone to
take it the wrong way because I know that it is
never done with bad intentions or anything like that okay I know I do
n't know
perfectly well to make parents aware
of not exposing their children on
social networks not because it is anything wrong to do so
or because they do not have the right to how
handsome and funny their
children are or anything but because when you
upload something to the internet you are making it
public and you do not know who you can run into
imagine for a moment that
I were the typical father who has a
channel with small children and
my daughter had appeared on my channel
imagine the type of montages that  if
this person were by
my daughter's side on the internet, don't imagine that my
daughter wouldn't have been able to go back to
school or go out or anything like that
because on the internet there's a
person who is dedicated to doing that I
don't want to even think about it because I'm really
making a lot of myself up okay
I'm not really expressing the words
that I'm feeling inside nothing
guys I have nothing else to add
Osmar it's just that I wanted you to know
and what I've been going through these past few months
ok this is going to end this is going to
end and this person well stop
undoubtedly here we're no
longer talking about an insult defamation slander we're talking about something that has crossed okay I don't know if the intention is really more or something like that he wanted to draw so much attention to see if I would dedicate a few words to him in a live
or whatever and he wanted to draw more
attention until he lost his
control but he committed all these
crimes and they are certified they are here
on my phone I promise you that the
next video will be more pleasant I'm
sorry if many people didn't like it
but  These are things that are realities and they
also have to be included, no, and it's a
small part, okay, luckily it's not a
large percentage of what happens to us
every day, but it also happens, okay,
thank you very much, guys, thank you very much
to my people who always support me,
okay, and a huge hug, be very
careful, we really have to be very
careful
[Music]